quick and efficient work needs planning
skeleton has to be reshoveled

Storage of Charge in Redox Conductive Polymers
Probed with Electron Spin Resonance Spectroscopy

Chapter 1. Introduction
	Storage of charge is needed to store electrical energy.
	Batteries store electrical energy.
	They have certain characteristics like capacity, charging rate and cycling stability.
	Rechargeable batteries have redox active materials on their electrodes.
	Performance of a battery depends on the performance of its electrode materials.
	The electrode materials can be toxic.
	There are organic alternatives to the conventional metallic materials.
	Redox conductive polymers with nitroxyl radicals suit for the charge storage applications.
	Rechargeable batteries are characterized with electrochemical techniques.
	Charge transport and storage in redox conductive polymers is poorly understood.
	Electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy can detect radicals and can be used for studying charge storage materials.
	The application of cw and pulsed EPR spectroscopy to energy storage devices under operating conditions is challenging.
	 
Chapter 2. Materials and Methods
	Molecules have to be introduced
	Electrochemical characterization techniques have to be explained
	Principle of cwEPR spectroscopy has to be explained
	Principle of pulsed EPR spectroscopy has to be explained
	Typical spectra of the molecules have to be shown
	Fabrication of EPR compatible devices has to be explained


Chapter 3. Experimental Results
	Electrochemical performance of devices has to be shown
	cwEPR spectroscopy of the organic electrode materials

	Operando cwEPR spectroscopy on a working half-cell
		Quantitative cwEPE during a charge-discharge cycle
		Spectral simulations
		Study of the material degradation
		Study of self-discharge
		Low temperature measurements
		Solid state battery
		pNiSalen half-cell
		EPR-Detected State Of Charge
		Formation of electrochemically inactive domains
		
		
	Pulsed EPR spectroscopy of a pDiTBuS cathode film
		Electron spin echo in densely packed nitroxide radicals		
		Field-swept electron spin echo in the cathode film
		Spin relaxation times in the cathode film
		Estimating Local Spin Concentrationws with Instantaneous Diffusion
		Pade-Laplace Deconvolution of Polyexponential Echo Decays
		Identification of electrochemically inactive domains 
	
Chapter 4 Conclusions and Perspectives
	Longitudinally Detected EPR
	Electron Resonance Imaging of spin concentrations in the battery electrodes
	Electrically Detected Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy	
		
		
		
		
		
		
